stable-2.14.0 upgrade instructions (#1660)
linkerd/website: linkerd.io/content/2-edge/tasks/upgrade.md

## Upgrade notices

### Upgrade notice: stable-2.14.0

For this release, if you're using the multicluster extension, it is mandatory to

> re-link your clusters. `linkerd multicluster check` will error out until you do

Reviewer: Will re-linking cause any downtime for multicluster services?  Does anything (data plane?) need to be rolled after relinking?  If not, we may want to reassure the user here about those things.

Author: This doesn't cause any downtime; I'll add a clarification. No special data plane rollouts required besides what's already described in the top sections.

> re-link your clusters. `linkerd multicluster check` will error out until you do

Reviewer 2: should this maybe say:
```suggestion
re-link your clusters after upgrading to stable-2.14.0. `linkerd multicluster check` will error out until you do
```

> re-link your clusters. `linkerd multicluster check` will error out until you do

Reviewer 2: are there consequences of not re-linking besides an error in `linkerd multicluster check`? If so, can we document those reasons it's necessary, as well? Or, if not, can we state that a failed `linkerd multicluster check` is the only consequence of not re-linking?

Author: If they don't re-link, the service mirror controllers won't acquire the new images with upgrades like the HA ability we added in this release, like explained above in the "Upgrading the multicluster extension" section. I'll try to reword this a little clearer.

> so. Note that this shouldn't cause any downtime in cross-cluster connections.

Reviewer 2: nit, take it or leave it: how about just:
```suggestion
so. This should not cause any downtime in cross-cluster connections.
```

## Upgrade notices

### Upgrade notice: stable-2.14.0

For this release, if you're using the multicluster extension, you should re-link
your clusters after upgrading to stable-2.14.0, as explained

> [above](#upgrading-the-multicluster-extension). Not doing immediately so won't

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[above](#upgrading-the-multicluster-extension). Not doing so immediately won't
```

cause any downtime in cross-cluster connections, but `linkerd multicluster

> check` will error out.

Reviewer 2: this is nitpicky, but i don't love the phrase "error out". how about
```suggestion
check` will not succeed until the clusters are re-linked.
```

take it or leave it.
